Holders in front excitedly putting their clothes on
after them the junior reserves is the first of the other queue and enters
head down
on the sideline 'who recently lost the spotter spot
to see the tears for starting the game sitting
junior hardly imagines is that by the end of the night this relative sadness will end
in the field são paulo is facing the alliance lima and from the
At first the Peruvians realize that the owners of the house do not usually give me good
welcome bia
with the tie são paulo played 55 games of the liberators here at home the
man only this is the 41 once
that lost 6
which reveals that the chemistry between the squad and the South American competition
I do not live
It has been very good.
and every time these four elements come together at once
the combination is always very tasty
slightly sweetened flavor at three minutes when
nickname of lollipop took advantage of aloísio kick and open the scoreboard
1 to 0 from sao paulo
following the same aluísio accustomed to mark
almost brand
but the wrong goal
the man is alert
with 49 matches the goalkeeper is the player who has defended São Paulo
liberators
great scrimper today he does not usually do the face after the
charges
in goal shot charges also
hooked on the thigh
but overall it is strong and continued in the game
already the opposing goalkeeper has a problem with the silly hand
Look where she's going to stop.
lets aloísio continue to bother the opposing defense at this crossroads
Leandro makes the light switch and releases today
get out
that could be
make goal
very very same length
It burned even in murici so was the irritation at the edge of the lawn
but I do not even walk with a certain situation he estimated in the companion and asks that the
souza spa palm twist
This is a friend.
It's promising
Before she says it would end, I go.
I'll tell you this goal that I ended up losing the second half too
were in the opposite direction of the ball in the net
played on the right and josué that is alive of the saga efe lusa
for the 9 mark shirt
2-a-1 from sao paulo
not over, not because defeating the opponent's plans is with himself the
collection of corner the connections via and guess whom mark
alex silva means that the liter plus a baby
3 to 0 london
the adversary is the lollipop the heartache and the twisted São Paulo itself
more night is actually fuels that civil
I had to put a smile on my face,
he enters jadílson's place
and at the end of the correct match the latter
the goalkeeper, incidentally to selic
4 to 0 are paulo the celebration with a crusader on the right and another on the left
who knows two blows to knock the reserve
inside the washer
of so little space
through the championship as soon as you can come back
with a thrashing in the home
São Paulo proved that the chemistry between teams
crowd
liberators although a beak can be
stylish
The accused leaves on the team.
what the plague in this second in the west of the country